PIPER:
All right, people, let's go--
I was supposed to be
at the club
a half an hour ago.
Hey, are you a good witch
or a bad witch?
I'm going to be
a very good witch
from now on.
PRUE:
And you picked
a role model who wears
lots and lots of pink.
Yes.
Glenda helped innocents,
didn't she?
Yes.
You had the answer all along?
That's not help,
that's mind games.
I'm not going
to let you spoil
my new attitude.
I'm going to celebrate
the witches' holiday with...
enthusiasm!
(chuckles)
Yeah, the only problem is,
you never really know
what you're celebrating
when you celebrate Halloween.
Details! Where's Darryl?
He's in the kitchen,
on the phone.
Hook-nosed hags
riding broomsticks--
that's what
we're celebrating.
Personally, I am offended
by the representation
of witches in popular culture.
Right. Which is
why you're dressed
as the mistress of the dark?
This costume happens to be
a protest statement.
I am so impressed that you
can make a protest statement
and show cleavage
all at the same time.
Thanks.
Amazing.
(squeaky laugh)
Let's go!
All right, Inspector,
put down the phone
and nobody gets hurt.
Yeah, sweetie,
I got to go.
Give your folks
my love, okay?
I miss you guys.
Nice costume.
Yeah, it's from
my rookie days.
Still fits.
Yeah, mine, too.
Isn't that from World War II?
Who are you?
Uh... I'll explain
on the way.
So, in the meantime,
we can just stick together,
since we are both dateless.
He's not dateless, he's married.
You're dateless
'cause you're picky.
No. I'm not settling, all right?
The perfect guy is out there,
a real man,
and I will find him, trust me.
Mm-hmm,
and they're going to love
the popcorn and caramel
in your teeth, too.
All right, Darryl,
let's go.
Somebody, get something.
Um, we can't leave yet.
We have to wait for Cole.
Cole Turner?
The ADA?
You're dating him.
Uh, n-n-no.
I just sort of invited him
to go along with us.
It wasn't set in stone
or anything,
but something must have come up.
Uh-huh.
Hey,
hey, cool costumes, dudes.
(gasping)
What the hell are you doing?
Belthazor?
Uh-uh-uh.
I use the name Cole here.
Let him go.
We don't need him.
Not to get the Charmed Ones.
My next question--
didn't they already get you,
two years ago?
Yeah,
but it's Halloween--
when the veil between
worlds thin,
when the demons who know how can
return to seek their revenge.
I know.
Which is why I have a different
plan for the witches.
One that doesn't include you.
One that's been approved
by the Triad.
We don't answer
to anyone anymore.
We're dead.
There's dead...
and there's dead.
Fine.
I'll just
move up my timetable.
I've always hated that demon.
Nice costume though.
Ooh, ooh, I want a picture
of all of us first.
But I have
to get my broomstick.
Cliché!
(doorbell ringing)
Come on you guys, hurry up!
(doorbell rings)
Trick or treat.
Oh, my God,
that is so weird.
They look just like the Grim...
Whoa!
(both yelling)
(gasping)
Uh-oh!
Uh-oh, what?
Piper?!
Prue? Phoebe!
Oh!
Didn't we vanquish them already?
I don't know, but that's
not what I wanted
to warn you about.
What do you mean?
That's what I wanted
to warn you about.
Oh...
Oh, look out!
Leo, what the hell is...
(all yelling)
Wait!
They don't know
what's happening!
This isn't good, right?
(screaming)
Is everybody okay?
Too soon to tell.
Did the Grimlocks
do this?
Oh, unless we're dead
and this is the hereafter
I don't think so.
Eternally Elvira...
yecch.
All right, uh, so this sort
of looks like an altar.
A witch's altar.
What's going on?
(horses whinnying)
RIDER:
There they are!
Kill the witches!
You had to ask!
Not good, not good, not good.
I believe we're
not in Kansas anymore!
Hyah! Hyah!
Come along!
(horses hooves pounding)
Over there!
Look behind
those trees.
Nothing here.
Come with me this way!
Don't tell me we
time traveled again.
I hate time traveling.
You do? I was burned at the
stake last time, remember?
All right, let's try and make
sure that doesn't happen again.
From what
they're wearing,
it looks to be what, uh...
1600, 1700's.
Where the life expectancy
of the average witch
is what, 15 minutes?
(gasps)
RIDER:
Find anything, Micah?
No, nothing here.
Ride on.
RIDER:
Ride on, men!
Shh.
Why didn't you let me
freeze him?
I don't know, there was
just something...
Oh.
Okay, you know what?
I don't care why we're here,
or how we got here,
I just want to get home.
I've got a life to live,
and decorations to hang,
so where is the damn vortex?
I don't know where
the vortex...
(all screaming)
First demons I've ever seen.
Actually, except for that blonde
with the funky snake tongue
thingy.
What are they?
I don't know.
Then how do you know they
didn't make the girls disappear?
Because this is different.
This is a time portal that my
bosses sent them through.
Which is closed now, damn it!
Who are you?
I'm their...
Never mind.
It's too complicated.
I got to get you out of here
before they unfreeze.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, hold it.
I'm not going anywhere.
I don't have time to argue.
I've got to figure out a way
to get rid of these demons
before the girls return,
otherwise they're going
to be sitting ducks.
Are you sure
they're coming back?
They better be.
They got to do it before
Halloween ends, too.
Which means...
Which means you're going
to need my help.
But you don't know what
you're up against here.
The problem is neither do you,
which means you're going
to need a cop around
to help you figure it out.
They're like sisters to me, Leo.
All right.
Phoebe said that she thought
they had vanquished
these demons before,
so the first thing
we have to do is...
(whooshing)
...run!
(growling)
Come on, let's go!
(groaning):
At least we can't die.
They can.
We have to figure out
where the witches went.
We know where they went.
Cole got them.
But if he fails,
they'll be back.
And they'll be in our way.
Blessed be.
Our prayers have been answered.
We need your help.
Excuse me?
Forgive me
for the manner in which
you were brought here,
but we had to make sure
you were who we'd
sent for.
This doorway would have
told us if you
were evil.
Huh. Where can we get
one of those?
All right, wait--
who do you think we are?
The most powerful good witches
of all time of course.
Okay, lucky guess.
And you are...?
I am Eva, a midwife, a witch,
and a free citizen
of the colony of Virginia.
These good women
are my coven.
Come.
Now we don't have
much time.
Take these.
No one can suspect that you've
come to us from the future.
This is for you.
Witches must not
have to hide in your time.
What year are you from?
Uh, 2000.
What year is it now?
1670.
Oh.
Uh, all right, so why do
you need our help?
To save a magical baby
who's prophesied to be born
tonight.
Save it from who?
A dark practitioner.
She kidnapped the baby's mother
in hopes
of raising the child evil.
If that happens,
good magic will never
flourish in the New World.
You must rescue Charlotte,
so that you can bring her here
and we can deliver her baby
within
our own protective circle.
PIPER:
Wait a minute.
You had the power
to bring us through time,
but you don't have the power
to set her free yourself?
Well, we cast spells to prepare
your way, of course.
But we know it was the power
of All Hallow's Eve
that brought you here, not us.
All Hallow's Eve?
A witch's most sacred day.
The day when the source
of all magic can be tapped into.
How can you not know
about All Hallow's Eve?
It isn't what
it used to be.
Wait a minute. Uh...
You can tap into that power
to send us home, right?
W... We assumed you could.
They assumed that we could.
Um, okay, well, uh...
Piper, I have an idea.
So what time is it?
It's two fif...
fifteen.
Oh, you've made
a big clock so small,
you must possess
great magic.
Just a good credit card.
Okay, um...
excuse us for a minute.
Come on. Walk.
All right...
I think that I have
this figured out.
I think that they
sent us here
and that's what Leo
was trying to tell us.
Oh, leave it to them
to zap first
and give
instructions never.
All right, but
if I'm right,
the only way that they
are going to
let us go home
is if we bring that baby
back here by midnight.
All right...
uh, Eva,
do you have a plan?
Yes.
This vial holds a potion
which will put the men
who guard the house
to sleep.
And then you'll use your powers
to bring the mother back here.
Huh.
Easy for her
to say.
Oh.
We must be careful.
PHOEBE:
Looks like they're
having a party.
It's the kidnapper,
Ruth Cobb.
She's doing it pretending
to mock All Hallow's Eve,
but I know better.
She's really doing it to tap
into the powers of dark magic.
Looks like our
welcoming committee.
Witch hunters.
Hunters of good witches, maybe.
They work for Ruth.
They're after us.
Not all of them.
Hmm...
Beware the talismans.
They've barred our way
each time we've tried
to rescue Charlotte.
Oh, honey, those don't really
pack much of a punch
where we come from.
No, you don't realize...
(screams)
(groans)
Witches!
There they are!
(bell ringing)
Ooh! What the hell was that?
The talismans?
No way talismans
have that much power.
They never have before.
Ruth's using the magic
of All Hallow's Eve.
Guards!
All right, I got
'em, I got 'em.
What just happened,
what's the matter?
I don't know.
Piper!
(screams)
Oh! Uh...
Use your powers!
We don't have any!
What?!
Run!
(screams)
Oh, boy.
(shot fired)
It appears your witch friend
has brought others
to try and rescue you again.
Unfortunately,
she's been wounded.
(groans)
Oh, easy now, Charlotte...
we wouldn't want anything bad
to happen to your baby,
now, would we?
I won't let you have my baby.
Oh, you won't have a choice.
Especially since somebody
very special
has recently arrived
to ensure it.
COLE:
How much longer, Ruth?
Soon.
By nightfall, perhaps.
You imbued the talismans
with great power.
Care to share your secrets?
Who are you?
Where do you come from,
pray tell?
I come from the future...
...to change it.
Eva, we're sorry.
We didn't know that
our powers weren't...
Just leave us.
Just go back to wherever it is
you came from.
We asked for the most powerful
witches of all time
and instead, we get
powerless frauds.
PHOEBE:
Um, okay,
I know you're
a little disappointed,
but "frauds" is a little
harsh, don't you think?
We do have powers, we just...
or at least we had them,
we just can't access them
right now.
Maybe that's because
technically
we don't really exist yet,
so neither do our powers.
Protecting this baby
is my destiny.
How can we come this far
just to fail?
PHOEBE:
We're asking
ourselves
the same thing.
Bite down...
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa...
what are you doing?
Cauterizing her wound.
No, no, no, no, no...
we may not have
our powers
but we do have basics.
Just get some hot water
and some soap
and some clean cloths.
Hurry.
Eva, don't give up
on us yet, all right.
I know that we can help.
Yeah, we've been
through tougher jams
than this before.
We have?
Haven't we?
PRUE:
We were born witches.
That makes us innately magical.
Maybe you can just
teach us how
to tap into it.
There's not enough time.
We're quick studies.
LEO:
I keep telling you, that
thing's not gonna work on them.
Maybe not but it makes them
think twice about it.
Otherwise they would have
blasted in on us by now.
Plus, it's the only
thing we got.
And maybe not.
I think I found out
who they are.
"Grimlocks: underground demons
who are sensitive to light
"and steal children's sight
"so they can see the aura
that surrounds good people
and strangle them with it."
That snake-tongued blonde's
looking better and better.
At least there's a
vanquishing potion here.
We can't keep waiting here.
We should be downstairs
waiting for the witches.
We can't absorb
any more wounds!
If they come into range...
we won't have to.
(coughing)
Darryl!
I told you you didn't know
what you were up against.
Who are you?
Come on, we got
a potion to cook up.
(groans):
Ah...!
The contractions are coming
closer together.
It won't be long now.
Don't touch me.
There's no need for you to be
any more uncomfortable
than you have to be.
Really?
Then let me go.
I beg you.
Even if I could,
it wouldn't help.
Another would be sent
to take you right back.
(gasps):
Oh!
What?
What do you see?
A force of great good.
From your time.
Here for the baby as well.
Three of them.
I'm not surprised.
My traveling here undoubtedly
alerted the other side.
(sighs)
But this new force...
If it's who I think it is,
I can handle them.
You just make sure she stays
here through midnight.
Here.
Dolls?
We tap into our
powers with dolls?
It's not just a doll,
it's a totem.
It reminds us of the wisdom
and the power of women.
Okay, but what does it
have to do with...
The witch's journey
is a walk of wisdom
collected over the years,
Phoebe.
Wisdom gives us power.
Power frightens
the fearful and the ignorant.
Well, that would certainly
explain why, in our time,
witches are made to look
silly on Halloween.
And this magic,
this knowledge is forgotten?
We could get it back
if you teach us.
Here.
The conical hat
is a spiritual point.
It helps to channel
our magic...
keeps us centered, focused.
The apple holds a pentacle
in it's heart.
Add a laurel leaf,
you will block the path of evil.
A simple laurel leaf?
Simple, but powerful.
Remember,
there is magic
all around you.
Especially on this night.
Uh, what's with the masks?
Demons walk freely
on All Hallow's Eve.
So a mask allows you
to hide your identity...
walk amongst them.
Can I see that?
Okay, now don't tell me
you ride around on this thing.
(chuckles)
Anything's possible.
Here.
The broom's
traditional purpose
is to sweep evil
from your path.
Sweep east to west,
same path as
the sun travels.
Like anything else in magic,
it's how you do it...
with knowledge and reverence.
Wow, do I feel silly.
Ahh!
What
happened?
Nothing... must have been
just a spark.
No.
You felt the power.
All right, Sally will go
with you to Ruth's house.
She'll give you the last
few things you'll need.
I wish I could go with you.
We'll do great.
You've armed us well.
Remember, connect with
the power of this day.
(music and laughter)
Do you know
what they look like?
What are you doing here?
I told you to stay
at the house.
Oh, the house is guarded
by men and magic.
Charlotte's not
going anywhere.
I've seen the future, Ruth.
Your ignorance
is your destiny.
Charlotte should be
in the first bedroom
at the top
of the stairs.
Be careful-- Ruth's
guards are everywhere.
If they see you
with these tools,
they'll know you
as witches.
Don't worry,
we won't fail
this time.
I know you won't.
Which of you will
be standing guard
for the others?
Phoebe.
If need be, this will
turn away evil spirits.
Perhaps even a demon
you think Ruth summoned.
Um, you're
kidding, right?
Okay, you're
not kidding.
Blessed be.
Good luck.
All right...
trick or treat...
Oh, boy.
(music continues)
Care to know
your future, my lady?
Oh, no, thanks.
(chuckles):
I'm pretty familiar
with it already.
Are you certain?
I can show you the
first initial of your
true love's name.
Really? You can do that?
With a simple peel
of the apple.
COLE:
Prove it.
And why would you
be interested, sir?
And why wouldn't you be?
Okay.
How do I do it?
First...
you must fill your heart
with only thoughts of love.
Then close your eyes,
and blow on the peel.
(exhales)
And drop the peel
into the water...
and watch.
And how is it that apple knows
this big secret?
It's simple, my lady.
Apples are the fruit
of knowledge.
It is "C."
The name of your true love
begins with a "C."
Cole?
Witch!
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
Phoebe!
Those two as well!
Hey! Uh...
There's your three.
WOMAN:
Hang the witches!
MAN:
Hang them!
RUTH:
Hang them all!
My pleasure.
WOMAN:
Take them from here!
MAN:
Hang them!
(crowd clamoring)
MAN:
Hang them!
MAN 2:
Come along.
MAN 1:
Hang them!
Tell me
this isn't happening.
Hang, witch.
Yah!
(neighing)
MEN:
Yah! Yah!
Onward!
Ride on!
Yah!
(horse neighs)
(creaking)
(grunts)
(all grunting)
(groaning in pain)
Ooh!
Ouch!
My apologies.
A little trick I learned
from the French.
Run the noose line
to the waist.
PHOEBE:
Yeah, well,
it's a really good thing
the other guards
didn't see you do that.
(groans)
PIPER:
Wait a minute,
I don't understand.
How did you know
you could trust him?
By the look in his eyes.
Oh. Uh-huh.
So that would be...
the second time
that you've saved our necks.
And what beautiful necks
they are.
I'm Micah.
I'm charmed.
All right, I hate to
bust up the balcony
scene, Romeo,
but why do you
keep saving us?
And why are you running
with the witch hunters?
So I can undo their work
whenever possible.
I've seen what
dark magic can do.
If you're fighting that,
I'm on your side.
And I should get back
before anyone gets suspicious.
Thank you.
Another time.
Who was that masked man?
Hey, you finally
found a real man.
Too bad he lives
in Colonial Virginia, Prue.
We need to get out of here.
Pay attention.
Okay, any idea how we're
gonna save the baby?
Well, they think
we're dead now.
They certainly aren't
expecting us.
Right. Besides, you guys,
we're witches, and it's
All Hallow's Eve, so...
All right,
glow elsewhere.
All right.
We need more thyme.
Can't help you
there, buddy.
It's almost nightfall.
No, I'm talking
about an herb.
It's for the potion.
It's, uh, over there.
Thyme, right?
Yeah.
Do you think they know
what we're doing in here?
Probably. It'd explain
why they haven't
burst in on us yet.
(doorbell rings)
Trick-or-treaters?
Or a trap.
Didn't you say those things
steal kids' sight?
(doorbell rings)
No, I should go.
I can orb.
Which might be exactly
what they're waiting for.
Stay here and finish
that potion.
No matter what happens,
you make sure you bring
the girls home safe.
(chuckles):
Whoever you are.
KIDS:
Trick or treat!
Spread the word:
we're out of candy.
Wow!
(happy squeals)
(quiet gasping)
(pained gasping)
I don't see Ruth
or the guards.
What time is it?
It's... it's 6:00.
And we're running out
of time and magic.
Yeah, well, it doesn't
change what we have to do.
How are we gonna get past
the talismans?
Do you remember
what Eva said?
The "powerless frauds" part?
No, the "magic is
all around us" part.
Well, it's time
we learned how
to access that.
To sweep away evil.
What, no funny hat?
Lavender.
Didn't she say that
was a protection herb?
Yeah, and... the wisdom
of the women before us
will guide us again.
Okay. Get sweepin'.
(groans)
Okay, which way is east?
Uh... that way.
Whoa! Did you see that?
Yeah, keep going.
(whispers):
It's working!
All right, it's good.
This is wrong.
Micah!
Prue!
You can't.
Wrong.
They found him out.
We have to get
to Charlotte.
What would he want you to do?
Hi.
Who are you?
Eva sent us.
Charlotte,
we're here to
take you back.
You're lying!
I don't believe...
(yelling in pain)
Oh!
Okay... okay,
uh, how does Lamaze
breathing go?
Uh...
(inhaling, exhaling)
Oh, that's it!
(screaming)
Ooh! Uh...
Okay, um...
Try this.
Okay, we'll do this.
(Charlotte stops yelling)
(groaning)
How are you making
the pain go away?
Uh, good magic.
Just keep breathing.
Good magic?
Accupressure.
Oh. Good idea.
All right, uh,
we need to get
you out of here.
Come on, honey.
It's okay.
(yelling)
Oh! Oh!
Oh, her water just broke.
I see that.
(blade stabs)
MAN:
Ah, serves you well.
RUTH:
Quickly!
Check the house!
No.
I know these witches.
They've already
got Charlotte.
Follow me.
I know where they're going.
The altar.
PIPER:
Okay, just a little while
longer-- we're almost there.
I can't! I'm sorry.
Yes, you...
You can do this.
No!
Charlotte...
The baby's coming now!
PIPER:
Okay...
easy... easy.
Um, it's almost 11:00.
Do you think
they gave up on us?
Uh...
No, I don't think so.
All right, what do we have?
We got big problems and little
time and a little magic.
All right, didn't Eva
say something about
Charlotte giving birth
in a protective circle?
Can we make one of those?
I don't know.
We've got lavender and...
Uh, isn't rosemary supposed
to be good for protection?
Right, and apples
and laurel leaves
block the path of evil.
Put it all together,
it may just work.
(Charlotte screaming)
Who's gonna deliver the baby?
Personally,
I think you should,
considering we know
that you're gonna have
one in the future.
I second that.
Wait a minute...
(Charlotte screaming)
(stammering)
I always get
the messy jobs.
All right, if ever
there was a time
that we were going
to connect,
it needs to be now.
So, Phoebe, form a circle.
I'll work on the apples.
MAN:
Over here!
Okay,
you're gonna have to try
to be kind of quiet.
I know, I'm sorry.
okay?
Um, don't worry.
Everything is under control.
(panting)
Oh, my God!
I see it!
Really?
Phoebe, the circle!
Circle...
Okay, um, just...
just try not
to push.
Okay, uh,
this baby is coming!
Yeah, well, so are they.
Okay, we can do this.
(moaning)
PIPER:
Yes, we can do this.
We have to do this.
Knowledge and reverence...
(chanting together):
knowledge and reverence...
knowledge
and reverence...
What are you doing?
Seeing what they've learned.
Here they come!
Prue!
(moaning)
All right, now, all together.
It's gonna work!
Come on.
Whoa... whoa... whoa...
(whinnying)
They've connected.
It's over.
No, not yet.
How cool is that?
It actually worked.
Oh... or not!
PRUE:
It doesn't stop bullets!
We are running out
of ammo!
Prue, it's not like
an apple is gonna
stop them anyway.
Whoa!
(gunshot)
Oh!
It's a girl!
(gunshot)
Oh!
PRUE:
Uh, Piper,
get Charlotte
and the baby out of here.
Huh?
Okay, I think
I have an idea
of what might
really scare them.
What are you gonna do?
I'm going to embrace
the cliché.
Ooh...
There is something
you don't see every day.
(laughing)
(whinnying)
Gotta give them credit.
They're awfully good.
That's all right.
Time's on my side.
Ah, blessed be.
Isn't the future beautiful?
It is, thanks to you.
You found the power.
You showed us where to look.
PRUE:
Yeah, I guess
we now know
where all that flying hag stuff
started.
You only have yourself
to blame, right, Pheebs?
I know it and I love it.
Now if I could
just figure out
how to take it back
with me.
Hey, what are
they waiting for?
Why haven't they
sent us home yet?
Maybe we haven't learned
everything that we're supposed
to yet.
Well, it's almost midnight,
so if we're gonna learn
anything more, we better hurry.
(baby crying)
I promise my daughter
will know of you,
of the three
powerful witches
who came to bring her
into this world.
And we'll always be grateful.
Won't we, Melinda?
Melinda?
Yes, Melinda.
Melinda Warren.
What is it?
I, uh...
I think we're related.
Whoa!
(all yelling)
(clock chiming)
I told you they'd come.
Hey!
(screaming)
PRUE:
Hey, haven't I
vanquished you
somewhere before?
(screaming)
LEO:
Are you guys all right?
Are we all right?
Are you all right?
It's been a long day.
Yeah, tell us about it.
Darryl?
Prue?
Uh...
I got it.
Open your eyes.
Happy Halloween.
♪ All those years
you never knew ♪
♪ All these things
that I could do ♪
♪ I keep them
in a hidden place ♪
♪ So I can rub them
in your face ♪
♪ Breed ♪
♪ Breed on your own ♪
♪ Always alone ♪
♪ You suffering clone ♪
Use that broom with reverence.
Hey...
Halloween is now officially
my favorite holiday.
Who knew?
We didn't...
but we should have.
So much knowledge,
so much power that we've lost.
But we'll get it back.
Okay, well, one crash course
at a time.
Yeah. It's too bad
Darryl didn't feel up
to celebrating with us.
He saw a lot today.
I think he needs
some time to sort
it all out.
PRUE:
Yeah, well, so do we.
I mean, it's bad enough
that the Triad wants us dead,
but to send someone back
to wipe out our whole line?
Do your bosses have any clue
who it is?
None that they're sharing.
I think it was that guy who was
hitting on Phoebe
at the party.
Hang on.
Not every guy I meet wants
to kill me.
Maybe he just
liked me.
Well, you saved Melinda.
And that's all
that matters.
And I helped to deliver
our great- great- great-
great- whatever
great-grandmother.
Too bad we couldn't save her
from moving
from Virginia to Salem.
That would have been nice.
Yeah, well, you can't
change history.
For better or worse.
Excuse me?
Hi.
Micah?
Mitch actually.
Forgive my directness
but I've been watching you
from across the room.
Have we met?
You know, that's funny.
I was going to ask you
the same thing. Um...
(laughing)
Oh...
my turn.
Hey.
I was beginning to think
I got stood up.
Yeah, sorry.
Work, you know.
I guess I just lost track
of time.
That's okay.
I got kinda hung up myself.
So, you're an angel?
Oh, uh, this?
(laughing)
No, not really.
That's okay.
Neither am I.